2020.2:
 * Version 12.0 (Rev. 3)
 * General: Aurora block automation updated for versal
 * General: RPLL support added for versal
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.1.1:
 * Version 12.0 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2020.1:
 * Version 12.0 (Rev. 2)
 * General: GT Ref clock connections updated for greater than 16.375Gbps line rate and more than 4 lanes for versal devices
 * General: GT TX and RX interface definitions modified for versal devices
 * General: Changed user clk port definition to clock_rtl for versal devices
 * General: Updated GTH based logic for crc valid genetaion.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.2.2:
 * Version 12.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2019.2.1:
 * Version 12.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2019.2:
 * Version 12.0 (Rev. 1)
 * General: Updated loopback port connections in example design for Generate Aurora without GT option for TX/RX Simplex cases
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.1.3:
 * Version 12.0
 * No changes

2019.1.2:
 * Version 12.0
 * No changes

2019.1.1:
 * Version 12.0
 * No changes

2019.1:
 * Version 12.0
 * General: Added support for VERSAL devices
 * General: Added support for AKINTEX7 devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3.1:
 * Version 11.2 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 11.2 (Rev. 6)
 * Bug Fix: Improved performance in streaming mode for GTY devices when neither of UFC/NFC/USER-K is enabled.
 * Bug Fix: Corrected bits assignment of txdiffctrl signal from 4 bits to 5 bits.
 * Bug Fix: Updated the display range of RX_PPM_OFFSET to match UltraScale/UltraScale+ FPGAs Data sheet
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.2:
 * Version 11.2 (Rev. 5)
 * Bug Fix: Changed logic to transmit invalid headers during PMA_INIT assertion to ensure that link partner loses block sync.
 * Bug Fix: Aurora TX,RX clocking helper blocks updated to match that of UltraScale GT Wizard IP.
 * Bug Fix: Modified logic to assert GT RX Datapath Reset when Hard error occurs.
 * Bug Fix: Fixed core generation issues when targeting the IP to QVIRTEXUPLUS and QZYNQUPLUS devices.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.1:
 * Version 11.2 (Rev. 4)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed the default tie-off values for rxlpmen port as per INS_LOSS_NYQ and RX_EQ_MODE selection
 * Other: Updated the initial value being driven in example design simulation top for PMA_INIT input
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.4:
 * Version 11.2 (Rev. 3)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed CDC warning for HLD_POLARITY_OUT signal.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 11.2 (Rev. 2)
 * General: Fifo Generator version upgrade.
 * General: Updated display values of RX_TERMINATION_PROG_VALUE for UltraScale+ devices to match Xilinx UltraScale Architecture Transceivers user guides
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 11.2 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: for multi-quad GTY based designs with line rate more than 16.375 gbps the reference clock locatons are added in XDC
 * Other: UltraScale GT Wizard version upgrade.

2017.1:
 * Version 11.2
 * New Feature: US GT Wizard Instance can be brought out of Aurora IP for UltraScale devices
 * Other: gt_powergood from US GT Wizard is made an output port on Aurora core when GT is inside Aurora IP
 * Other: gt_powergood from US GT Wizard is brought to gt wrapper in example design when the GT is in example design, outside Aurora IP
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 11.1 (Rev. 3)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 11.1 (Rev. 2)
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Advanced RX GT Options selection in GUI for UltraScale devices
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for GTYE4 upto 25.7813Gbps line rates
 * Feature Enhancement: Updated support for GTYE3 upto 25.7813Gbps line rates
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 11.1 (Rev. 1)
 * COMMON_CFG[6] attribute value updated for configurations with QPLL on GTHE2 Transceiver based devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 11.1
 * Improved Performance and Utilization for GTY designs in Framing mode
 * Added feature to preview shared logic files when Shared logic in Example Design option is selected
 * Removed the dependency on gtwiz_reset_rx_cdr_stable_out from GT channel to re-initialize the core for UltraScale Devices
 * Added gt_rxusrclk_out optional port when Additional transceiver control and status ports option is enabled
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 11.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 11.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 11.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Added support for new speedgrades of XQ7K325T and XQ7K410T devices
 * Added support for new speedgrades of XQ7Z030, XQ7Z045 and XQ7Z100 devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.3:
 * Version 11.0
 * Added support for GTY upto 25Gbps line rates
 * One GTREFCLK input per quad is a requirement for line rates above 16.375Gbps for GTY
 * CRC implementation is not backward compatible for line rates above 16.375Gbps for GTY
 * UFC and USERK interfaces are not supported for line rates above 16.375Gbps for GTY
 * Added support for XC7Z030SBV485 and XC7Z030ISBV485 devices
 * UltraScale GT Wizard and FIFO subcore versions updated
 * s_axi_user_k_tx_tready output gated with channel_up
 * TXMASTERCHANNEL and RXMASTERCHANNEL selection updated for UltraScale Transceivers
 * Added support for UltraScale+ devices

2015.2.1:
 * Version 10.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 10.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Added support for XQ7Z045RFG676, XQ7Z100RF1156 and XQ7VX690TRF1158 devices

2015.1:
 * Version 10.0
 * Added support for 7-series devices with FFV and FBV Pb-Free RoHs packages
 * Max line rate support of 16.375G added for Ultrascale GTH devices
 * Added support for Simplex Auto recovery
 * Added txinhibit and pcsrsvdin optional transceiver control and status ports
 * Both pma_init and reset_pb ports made asynchronous to the core; reset, tx_reset and rx_reset input ports removed
 * Standard CC module made part of the IP, do_cc port removed
 * Flow control axi ports grouped into AXI4 Stream interfaces
 * Control and status ports are grouped as display interfaces
 * Added support for single ended clocking option to INIT_CLK and GTREFCLK
 * Added support for contiguous lane selection for Ultrascale devices
 * CRC resource utilization optimized
 * GT Reference Clocks, User Clock and Sync Clock ports updated with expected frequency values in IP-Integrator
 * Line rate value restricted to 4 decimal digits for Ultrascale devices
 * INIT clock frequency value restricted to 6 decimal digits

2014.4.1:
 * Version 9.3 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 9.3 (Rev. 1)
 * Added support for XC7K160TI, XC7K325TI, XC7K355TI, XC7K410TI, XC7K420TI, XC7K480TI, XC7Z030I, XC7Z035, XC7Z035I, XC7Z045I, XC7Z100I devices
 * Minor update to XDC for board support

2014.3:
 * Version 9.3
 * Added support for XA7Z030 devices
 * Ultrascale GT Wizard version updated
 * Core resets separated for TX/RX_Simplex dataflow configuration
 * AXI4-LITE protocol compliant GT DRP interface with optional ports added
 * Per lane AXI4-LITE GT DRP interface supported for 7-series core
 * Added support for user configurable DRP clock and INIT clock through IP GUI
 * User selectable option enabled for GT DRP interface in IP-Integrator
 * Added support for auto-propagate to INIT and DRP clock in IPI systems
 * Addressed CPLL power down circuit requirement for 7 series Transceivers - refer AR
 * Added support for Xilinx Evaluation platform boards
 * XDCs compliant with updated timing constraining guidelines
 * Differential INIT clock input added to Ultrascale example design
 * Included GT reset staging in example design, when labtools option in GUI is disabled
 * mmcm_not_locked_out polarity changed to active high for Ultrascale
 * PMA_RSV attribute setting updated for 7-Series GTH designs

2014.2:
 * Version 9.2 (Rev. 1)
 * Ultrascale GT Wizard version upgrade.
 * Fixed Simplex designs with error as Failed to open info file xil_defaultlib/_info in read mode
 * PMA_RSV attribute setting updated for 7-Series GTH designs
 * Fixed hold violation timing issues in Ultrascale device based designs
 * Added missing synchronizers in clocking core for Ultrascale designs
 * GT_DIRECTION set as BOTH,TX_ENABLE & RX_ENABLE set as TRUE for Ultrascale designs

2014.1:
 * Version 9.2
 * Added C_EXAMPLE_SIMULATION parameter for post synthesis/implementation simulation speedup
 * Added support for Ultrascale devices
 * Enhanced support for IP Integrator
 * Added Little endian support for data & flow control interfaces as non-default GUI selectable option
 * Interoperability guidance provided in Product Guide
 * Resolved functional issue seen with specific frame lengths in certain scenarios
 * Refer Product Guide for more information on critical warnings during IP upgrade

2013.4:
 * Version 9.1
 * Increased the number of optional transceiver control and status ports

2013.3:
 * Version 9.0
 * Provided Verilog source and VHDL netlist
 * TX startup state machine update for MMCM lock synchronization with stable clock
 * Rx startup state machine updates to handle the RxReset after valid data is received
 * Linear 32-bit datapath interface from GT RX
 * Lane skew tolerance enhancement, now able to tolerate more lane to lane skew
 * Polarity inversion logic is enabled
 * Common reset and controls across all lanes
 * Increased the Rx CDR lock time from 50KUI to 37MUI as suggested by GT user guide
 * Increased the Block sync header max count from 64 to 60K to increase the robustness of the link
 * Transmission of more idle characters to add more robustness to link
 * Channel_INIT state machine and TX startup state machine are updated for hotplug sequence
 * Removed the reset to scrambler and made it free running to achieve faster CDR lock
 * Fixed corner case packet drop during CC( Clock Correction) insertion
 * Updated GTH QPLL attributes - Refer to AR 56332
 * Ease Of Use Updates.  For details, refer to migrating and upgrading section of Product Guide
 * Added GUI option to include or exclude shareable logic resources in the core
 * Added optional transceiver control and status ports
 * Updated synchronizers for clock domain crossing to reduce "Mean Time Between Failures" (MTBF) from meta-stability
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators
 * Basic Support for IP Integrator
 * XDC constraints updated to constrain 1st stage of the synchronizer flop
 * Added GUI option to include or exclude Vivado Labtools support for debug
 * Added quality counters in example design to increase the test quality
 * Added hardware reset state machine in example design to perform repeat reset testing

2013.2:
 * Version 8.1
 * Virtex-7 GTH production attributes updates

2013.1:
 * Version 8.0
 * Lower case ports for Verilog
 * Simplex TX/RX support added
 * Enhancement to protocol to increase Channel Init time
 * TXSTARTUPFSM & RXSTARTUPFSM modules included to control GT reset sequence
 * Autoupgrade feature

2012.4:
 * Version 7.3
 * No changes

2012.3:
 * Version 7.3
 * Hot-plug support for 7-series

2012.2:
 * Version 7.2
 * Virtex-7 HT device support
 * XSIM simulator support
 * Native Vivado release

(c) Copyright 2010 - 2020 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
